i don't sell the insecure people i don't
sell to anyone who has more time to
debate than to work
i have no interest in proving anything
to you you either watch the content you
agree with what i said you've tested it
for yourself you've gotten results or
you're planning to or you don't move on
content's free don't complain
you're wasting time you're either gonna
buy from me or not guess what if you're
gonna waste time going back and forth
with me and need my credentials and you
need to do all that you're not working
on your business which means you're
gonna fail
sorry bye move on nope i won't even take
your money you know why i can't deal
with insecure people that's my harsh
ruthless
utilitarian ethos about how to do
business i will turn down people's money
that are inconvenient to work with
because
every minute i spend trying to make you
less insecure
i'm not doubling down on helping
somebody that is ready to do the work
you